A) Basic Functions# Topic Name
	1) Description: Functions are small independent processes that accept parameters and, optionally, return values based on the parameters they are given and the code they contain. Functions have scope, that is they can contain variables that only they know about.
	2) Why: Well designed systems consist of functions. They allow reusability of code. They also are the way code is organized in applications. 
	3) When: Any time code duplication would be requried to accomplish tasks, a function should be produced. If the code is overly long, it should be broken into functions.

B) BIFs (Built-In-Functions)# Topic Name
	1) Description: BIFs are functions created and supported by the python community. They are included in the standard download, not in libraries that can be added to Python.
	2) Why: There are many pieces of functionallity that are repeatedly used world wide when writing Python applications. Rather than have each programmer write them for themselves, they are written, debugged, and hardened by the entire python community. This means they tend to run faster and have fewer bugs than if someone wrote their own versions of these functions 
	3) When: Any time a BIF exists that can be used to accomplish what is needed in the application it should be used. Writing code that does the same thing as the BIF is always a bad idea.

C) Function Details# Topic Name
	1) Description: Function details include variadic functions, functions with a variable number of parameters, and default parameters for functions.
	2) Why: Variadic functions are very helpful when a series of values of the same type needs to be passed to a function, but the number of those values is variable. The number depends on where the function is called.

	A default parameter is very helpful when there is a value that is very commonly used and occasionally replaced by another value. Default parameters reduce the amount of code programmers have to write and also decrease the possibility of copy-paste bugs in the code.
	3) When: Any time you have an unknown number of variables of the same type, use variadic functions. Anytime there is a consistant, heavily used value for a parameter, use set a default value for that parameter.
	